---
toc: true
layout: post
description: "Are you looking for a method of scraping Amazon reviews and do not know where to begin with? In that case, you may find this blog very useful in scraping Amazon reviews. "
categories: [publication, jupyter]
title: "Scraping Amazon Reviews using Scrapy in Python"
image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1493606278519-11aa9f86e40a?ixlib=rb1.2.1&ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1740&q=80"
comments: true
---

Are you looking for a method of scraping Amazon reviews and do not know where to begin with? In that case, you may find this blog very useful in scraping Amazon reviews.

In this blog, we'll look at scraping Amazon reviews with Python's Scrapy. Scrapy is a python web crawling framework, and web scraping is a simple way of collecting data from many websites. Web scraping enables users to manage data for their specific needs, such as online merchandising, price monitoring, and marketing decision-making.

If you're wondering whether or whether this procedure is legal, you can discover the answer [here](https://www.blog.datahut.co/post/is-web-data-scraping-legal).

Before we get into scanning Amazon for product reviews, let's take a look at some of the reasons why you might want to scrape Amazon reviews in the first place.

## Why is it needed to scrape Amazon reviews?

- Product reviews were subjected to a sentiment analysis.
The reviews scraped from Amazon products can be subjected to sentiment analysis. This type of research aids in determining a user's emotional response to a certain product. This can assist sellers, as well as other potential customers, in gaining a better understanding of public opinion about the goods.

- Dropshipping sales optimization
Dropshipping is a business model that allows a company to operate without an inventory or a depository for product storage. You can utilize web scraping to acquire product pricing, user opinions, consumer wants, and trend information.

- Web scraping is used to keep track of a brand's online reputation.
It is tough for major corporations to keep track of their product reputation. Web scraping can aid in the extraction of pertinent review data, which can then be fed into various analysis tools to gauge user attitude toward the company.


## What exactly is Scrapy?

Scrapy is a web crawling framework that allows a developer to write code that defines how a specific site (or a group of websites) will be scraped. The most important feature is that it is built on Twisted, an asynchronous networking library, which significantly improves spider performance.